Request clearance for landing.
Melina?
We're touching down
in one minute.
Then why are we still going up?
Now you'll know how Dreykov
stayed above the radar all these years.
Alexei.
My God.
Look at you.
So, uh,
how was the family reunion?
Oh, it was awful.
They were clingy,
and too emotional, and needy.
- Just like old times, huh?
- Hmm.
Yelena Belova.
What's the deal with her?
She was the only
one affected, right?
As far as I know, yes.
These gasses and antidotes,
it's a pain in my ass.
It's a problem.
You need to sort it.
Hmm. I have nine pigs
that will require attending
to in my absence.
Don't give a shit
about your pigs.
Cut her brain out...
Hmm? Identify the weakness.
This is a much
less cool way to die.
What about Romanoff?
She's a traitor.
She turned her back
on her people. On her blood.
She had nothing.
I gave her home.
I gave her love.
Put that thing in her you do.
You know, uh, chemicals.
Turn her into one of your pigs.
Natasha.
I can't save us.
I need you to
know that I'm sorry.
I pledged my life to a cause.
You know, I thought I
was being very brave.
Possibly the bravest.
But I wasn't being brave.
I was coward.
In Cuba,
when they came and
took you away from me...
No cause is worth that.
You should only
sacrifice yourself
for something...
How did you do that?
I designed these cells myself.
What?
Can you imagine what I could do
with an Avenger under my control?
Wouldn't you like
to speak to her first?
When you look into the eyes
of a child you have raised,
no mask in the
world can hide that.
Welcome home.
Now, now.
Don't go breaking my new toy.
What?
I bared my soul to you and it
was just you the whole time?
Yes, I'm afraid so. But wait,
shh, I'm on comms with Yelena.
Yelena, it's me. It's Mama.
You have a two-inch blade
concealed in your beltline.
What?
What are you going to do to me?
Outside right hip.
Do you have a blanket?
Killmonger has the full support
of our military.
And he burned the garden
of the Heart-Shaped Herb.
Of course he did.
That's what he
was trained to do.
His unit used to
work with the CIA
to destabilize
foreign countries.
They would always strike
at transitions of power...
like an election year, or
the death of a monarch.
You get control of
government, the military...
- Our resources.
- Right.
The Great Mound.
Our vibranium,
all of my designs.
He will send our weapons
all over the world.
You must get them
out of Wakanda safely.
What? What about you?
The challenge will
have to continue.
T'Challa, we will
not leave Wakanda.
It is my duty to keep you safe.
If he gets control
of our technology,
nowhere will be safe.
The Black Panther lives.
And when he fights for
the fate of Wakanda...
I will be right
there beside him.
As will I.
I'm in, too.
What? You're gonna need
all the help you can get.
Are you done?
Could you give me and
Lord M'Baku a moment?
Thank you.
I owed you a great debt.
A life for a life.
Consider it paid.
Please allow my
mother to stay here.
No harm will come to her.
I give you my word.
You know, I could
use an army as well.
I bet you could.
But no.
I will give no Jabari lives
towards your cause.
It is our cause.
- It is for all of us.
- Oh, us?
Us? You are the first king
to come here in centuries...
and now you speak of "us"?
I cannot speak for past kings.
But an enemy sits on
the throne right now.
We both know the
power of vibranium.
If Killmonger gains
control of it,
who do you think
he will come for next?
We will not help you.
You couldn't have
told me sooner?
Don't throw a fit.
- There wasn't time.
- Okay, girls,
I'm having trouble hearing you,
but, Natasha, there's
something I need you to know.
I need you to know that I'm sorry.
No more excuses, okay?
I gave my life for a cause.
I thought I was being brave.
You don't have earpiece.
What?
No, she can't hear you.
- You don't have earpiece.
- Why not?
Because it wasn't
part of the plan.
Oh, yeah?
Well, what was the plan?
So, once we're inside,
I'll activate my tracker
and Ross will come running.
You are aware that you
are still a global fugitive, yes?
You know the facility.
There must be some way to land it.
Instruct them to
confine us on level zero.
Once I'm out, I can
activate the landing protocol,
we can descend within the hour.
Ah, problem.
I only have one earpiece set.
I'll give it to Yelena.
Where did he take the vials?
Probably down to cold storage.
Dreykov still has the
widows under his control,
so you have to expose
them to this antidote.
Yeah. Sure.
Easy.
Is this your plan?
My plan is to kill you.
I'm alive.
So, what do we do now?
What was my mother's name?
Ah...
Where we buried her,
there was a tree...
Um...
A pink blossom.
Beautiful.
And there was a tombstone
with her name engraved on it.
What was her name?
Ah.
"Unknown."
You don't feel anything?
You feel anything when
I killed your daughter?
Is this your haunted past?
Really?
Thank you, Natasha.
You gave me my greatest weapon.
Say hello.
When your bomb exploded,
it nearly killed my Antonia.
I had to put a chip in
the back of her neck.
In the back of her neck.
Look at her.
You find it difficult
to look at her?
I do.
She... She watches everything
and she can do it.
She's a perfect mimic.
And she fights just
like all of your friends.
Can she hear me?
What?
You want to make
her feel better?
You want to tell
her you're sorry?
Well, you should have thought of
that before you blew her face off.
But enough of all this bullshit.
Go to work.
I have rats in the basement. Go.
Go.
Well, that was a mistake.
Was it?
You just sent away the one thing
that would stop me from killing you.
Try, then.
Do it.
Is the safety on?
No.
Try your knife.
Ah...
You're in trouble.
How are you controlling me?
I'm not controlling
you, Natasha.
Well, not yet.
But there is a pheromonal lock.
Smelling my pheromones prevents you
from committing violence against me.
I'm very upset with Melina.
It's a shame I have to kill her.
Come on, now.
If we're just going to
press buttons and
hack computers...
- Yes.
- I mean, I don't know.
There's nothing for me to do.
I want to...
I want to break something.
Oh, you do?
Oh, there is something
you can break.
Melina, if this is the
last time that we...
Ah, damn it.
That was disgusting.
Okay.
So, this was the big plan, huh?
Melina was going to land the Red Room
and hand me over to the authorities.
Oh, no, no, no.
So, what now, you're gonna fold me
into your pathetic little puppeteer act?
Pathetic, huh?
Yeah, what would you call it?
- I would call it...
- When was the last time
that you had a
conversation with somebody
that wasn't forced
to talk to you?
You ran away to fight
in the wrong war.
The real war was fought here,
in the shadows.
You didn't fight in the shadows.
You hid in the dark.
Real power comes from
undetectable influence.
If no one's noticed,
then why even do it?
You're nothing.
- Hmm.
- You have nothing.
There are 50 people
on this planet...
Oh, stop it.
Don't tell me to stop!
If I don't tell you when to stop, then
how will you know when to shut up?
Come on.
Think I can't take a punch?
Oh.
- God damn it, you're weak.
- Weak?
I bet it's easier to be tough in
front of defenseless little girls, huh?
That's enough.
You wouldn't be so glib
if you had any notion of
the scope of what I've built.
I own this world. Me.
You seem desperate
to impress me.
I don't need to impress you.
I don't need to impress anyone.
These world leaders,
these great men,
they answer to me and my widows.
Look at them.
These girls were trash.
They are thrown out
into the street.
I recycle the trash.
And I give them purpose.
I give them a life.
Melina, I found the
location of the vials.
I've had a slight setback.
You'll need to
get to the widows.
Everything is on schedule.
Have the spies been alerted?
Yes. Some resistance
to our new mission.
But the War Dogs in London,
New York and Hong
Kong are standing by.
We'll strike there first.
The others'll come around.
Look at this.
A handheld sonic cannon,
powerful enough
to stop a tank...
untraceable by metal detectors.
And we got thousands of them.
The world's gonna find
out exactly who we are.
He lives.
N'Jadaka!
Wassup?
I never yielded!
And as you can
see, I am not dead!
All that challenge
shit is over with!
I'm the king now!
Get those planes in the air!
Carry out the mission!
- Shuri, now.
- Copy that.
Go, go, go! Come on, Ross!
W'Kabi, man, kill this clown.
W'Kabi, the challenge
is not complete.
What will we do?
Border Tribe!
You!
Your heart is
so full of hatred...
you are not fit to be a king!
Come on!
Ayo, the king!
Ah!
W'Kabi, stop this!
Stop this now!
No!
It's my network of widows
that help me control
the scales of power.
One command, the oil
and stock markets crumble.
One command, and a quarter
of the planet will starve.
My widows can start
and end wars.
They can make and break kings.
You control all
of that from here?
And with you,
an Avenger under my control,
I can finally come
out of the shadows
using the only natural resource
that the world has too much of.
Girls.
All from that little console?
Yeah.
Oh, you find this amusing?
Why are you smiling?
Don't take it personal,
but, uh...
Thank you for your cooperation.
Even if you locate the database
and get him to show you the key,
you won't be able
to take it from him.
For years, Dreykov has
implemented a pheromonal lock
in all widows, even me.
So, as long as we can smell him,
then we won't be able to hurt him.
Well, I'll just hold my breath.
Not enough.
This is basic science.
Natasha, to block receptors
in olfactory center,
you have to sever the nerve.
I can handle that.
You weren't quite
strong enough, so...
I'll have to finish it myself.
What are you going to do?
Sever the nerve.
Melina!
Precisely what I was thinking.
Yelena, slight change of plan.
I completely demolished one of the engines
and we are going into a controlled crash.
Fantastic.
I'm heading to the widows now.
No.
Nakia and I will get control
of the Royal Talon  with this.
So what do I do?
You'll have to fly it.
- What?
- You were a great pilot.
Don't worry, I'll
guide you through it.
It's just like
riding a hoverbike.
What? You guys have hoverbikes?
Hey, Nakia, take that.
I'm not a Dora.
Just put it on, it's armor!
Come!
Good luck, Agent Ross!
Yeah, I don't know
what I'm doing with this.
We're counting on you.
Wakanda forever.
Come on!
Go, go!
Remote piloting
system activated.
My God.
I made it American style
for you. Get in.
All right.
Yes!
Go! We can't let those
weapons get beyond Wakanda.
All right, I'm on it.
Wakanda forever!
Okay, Shuri. I got 'em.
What do I do?
Shoot them down, genius!
All right.
Here goes nothing.
All right, got them.
Oh, shit.
Shit, shit, shit.
Nice!
Shuri!
What's up, Princess?
You'll never be a true king.
Brother!
Shuri.
Turn on the train
on the bottom track.
The stabilizers will
deactivate your suit!
You won't have protection!
Neither will he.
Okay!
I don't need a suit to kill you.
Your reign is over!
You sat up here,
safe and protected.
You want to see us become
just like the people
you hate so much.
Divide and conquer
the land as they did!
Nah, I learn from my enemies.
Beat them at they own game.
You have become them!
You will destroy the world,
Wakanda included!
The world took everything
away from me!
Everything I ever loved!
But I'mma make sure we're even.
I'mma track down
anyone who would
even think about
being loyal to you!
And I'm gonna put
they ass in the dirt
right next to Zuri!
Not so talkative now, are you?
You took my childhood.
You took my choices
and tried to break me.
But you're never gonna do
that to anybody ever again.
Nobody leaves this
room until she's dead.
Make her suffer.
I don't wanna hurt you.
You don't wanna hurt me.
Hey.
Are you okay?
That looks like it hurts.
Okay. I take out
on three, ready?
I'm sorry.
Get as far away
from here as possible.
You get to make
your own choices now.
We gotta get outta here.
We need to find Dreykov.
Are you coming?
I'm right behind you.
Wait, wait!
I have to go back!
Yes!
Do you see the girls?
No!
We need to go back.
We've lost control.
Antonia.
No!
I'm gonna open the door.
You're gonna come after me.
It's okay. It's okay.
I know you're still in there.
And I'm not gonna leave you.
Okay.
Yelena!
She's on the wing!
Move! What are you waiting for?
Don't do it!
This was fun!
No!
Okay.
Let's go.
Enough.
I'm sorry.
Is he gone?
He's gone.
Shit. What the hell was that?
The lab is under attack.
What? Where?
Deactivating hologram.
Ross, you have to
get out of there, now!
How long have I got?
Glass integrity is at 50%.
Put me back in.
Ross! Ross!
Surrender now!
You have three seconds
to lay down your weapon!
One!
Two!
Witness the might
of the Jabari firsthand!
Glass integrity is at 15%.
Critical weapons failure. Shit!
Hey, Shuri! The last cargo ship
is almost at the border...
but they got me trapped
with some kind of cables.
Make an X with your arms!
Sonic Overload initiated.
Now break it!
System rebooting in five...
four, three...
two, one.
System rebooted.
Yes! We did it!
Great! Now get out of there!
Drop your weapon!
Would you kill me, my love?
For Wakanda?
Without question!
This is it for you, Cousin.
Hell of a move!
My pop said Wakanda was
the most beautiful
thing he ever seen.
He promised he was
gonna show it to me one day.
You believe that?
Kid from Oakland,
running around
believing in fairy tales.
It's beautiful.
Maybe we can still heal you.
Why?
So you can just lock me up?
Nah.
Just bury me in the ocean...
with my ancestors that
jumped from the ships.
'Cause they knew death
was better than bondage.
Thank you.
You saved me.
You saved my family.
Our nation.
There's nothing to thank me for.
It is our duty to...
It was my duty to
fight for what I love.
I should've...
You can't blame
me, I almost died.
Stay.
I think I know a way
you can still
fulfill your calling.
Please stay.
Melina, wake up.
- Melina?
- Mmm.
Oh, my left leg is broken.
Yelena!
Yelena?
We're both upside down.
I should've come back for you.
You don't have to say that.
- It's okay.
- Hey. Hey.
It was real to me, too.
Thank you.
Everybody good?
I am clearly injured.
You got something to say?
I'd just mess it up.
Here comes the cavalry.
We're closing in
on the target, sir.
So, what's our plan?
You guys go. I'll stay.
That's insanity. We fight.
We fight with you.
- I'll hold them off.
- Natasha, we fight.
We can't split up.
You're so pigheaded.
- You guys, go.
- Oh, my God.
Besides, if it can work out
with the four of us, you know,
there may be some
hope for the Avengers.
Little bit.
Okay, well, if you're leaving,
then I guess you should take this.
I know how much you like it.
Shucks.
It does have a lot of pockets.
Very handy pockets, yeah.
He had widows implanted
all over the world.
Melina will need
to copy the formula,
but you should be the
one to tell 'em it's over.
You came back for us.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hey. You take care
of yourself, okay?
Don't worry. I got this.
I know.
Don't worry.
We're bringing her with us.
Come. Come with us.
My name is King T'Challa...
son of King T'Chaka.
I am the sovereign ruler
of the nation of Wakanda.
And for the first
time in our history...
we will be sharing our
knowledge and resources...
with the outside world.
Wakanda will no longer
watch from the shadows.
We cannot.
We must not.
We will work to be an
example of how we...
as brothers and
sisters on this earth...
should treat each other.
Now, more than ever...
the illusions of division
threaten our very existence.
We all know the truth.
More connects us
than separates us.
But in times of crisis...
the wise build bridges...
while the foolish
build barriers.
We must find a way...
to look after one another...
as if we were one, single tribe.
With all due respect,
King T'Challa...
what can a nation of farmers
have to offer the
rest of the world?
Oh, he moves it! He moves it!
- Who man is that?
- Bucket!
Easy.
When you said you would take me
to California for
the first time...
I thought you meant Coachella...
or Disneyland.
Why here?
This is where our
father killed our uncle.
They're tearing it down.
Good.
They are not tearing it down.
I bought this building.
And that building.
And that one over there.
This will be the first
Wakandan International
Outreach Center.
Nakia will oversee
the social outreach.
And you will spearhead
the science and
information exchange.
You're kidding.
Eh?
Oh...
Hey, yo.
Man, what the hell is that?
That's like a Bugatti spaceship!
Bro, it came out of nowhere.
Did y'all see that?
What?
Check it out, bro.
We can take this
back to the house.
Pull up to school in this.
Look, we can break it apart.
We can sell it.
On eBay.
Everybody get,
like, a million apiece.
I wouldn't do that
if I were you guys.
- Where you come from?
- From Wakanda.
What is a Wakanda?
Hey, yo!
This yours?
Who...
Who are you?
You ever not sleep?
I've been in six different time
zones in three days because of you.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
What, are you scrapping
together some parts?
What'd you get me this time,
like, an upside-down lawnmower?
You see what I can get you
with a bit of time and money?
Go on, say it. I wanna hear it.
It would really be good
for me to hear it. Really.
I'm impressed.
Well, yeah.
You've always been a
really good friend to me.
That's what every
man wants to hear.
Where you gonna go?
It's funny. My whole life,
I didn't think I had any family.
Turns out I got two, so...
One of them's a bit
of a mess right now.
I'm gonna go break a
few of them out of prison
see if I can't help
patch things up.
You sure about this?
I can't trust my own mind.
So, until they figure out
how to get this stuff
out of my head...
I think going back under
is the best thing.
For everybody.
Thank you for this.
You know, if they
find out he's here...
they'll come for him.
Let them try.
Hi, I'm Captain America,
here to talk to you...
...about one of the most valuable
traits a soldier or student can have.
Patience.
Sometimes patience
is the key to victory.
Sometimes it
leads to very little...
...and it seems
like it's not worth it.
And you wonder...
...why you waited so long for
something so disappointing.
How many more of these?